content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Haihao Sun

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation: Haihao Sun

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Haihao
last_name: Sun

# Status emoji
status:
  icon:

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Software Engineer

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: Google
    url: https://source.android.com/docs/automotive/start/releases/r_release#computer-vision-and-machine-learning-cv-and-ml

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: "mailto:haihaosun15@gmail.com"
    label: E-mail Me
  # - icon: brands/x
  #   url: https://twitter.com/GetResearchDev
  # - icon: brands/instagram
  #   url: https://www.instagram.com/
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/h3sun
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/haihao-sun/
  # - icon: academicons/google-scholar
  #   url: https://scholar.google.com/
  # - icon: academicons/orcid
  #   url: https://orcid.org/

interests:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Algorithm

education:
  - area: Master of Computer Science
    institution: Yale University
    date_start: 2022-05-31
    date_end: 2021-09-01
    # summary: |

    button:
      text: "Read Thesis"
      url: "https://example.com"
  - area: Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering
    institution: UC San Diego
    date_start: 2021-06-15
    date_end: 2018-09-18
    # summary: |

work:
  - position: Software Engineer
    company_name: Google
    company_url: ""
    company_logo: "google"
    date_start:
    date_end: 2022-07-18
    summary: |2-
      Responsibilities include:
      - Surround View
      - Scene API
  # - position: Backend Software Engineer
  #   company_name: X
  #   company_url: ""
  #   company_logo: ""
  #   date_start: 2016-01-01
  #   date_end: 2020-12-31
  #   summary: |
  #     Responsibilities include:
  #     - Migrated infrastructure to a new data center
  #     - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
  #     - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit

# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`
skills:
  - name: Technical Skills
    items:
      - name: Python
        description: ""
        percent: 80
        icon: code-bracket
      - name: Algorithm
        description: ""
        percent: 100
        icon: chart-bar
      - name: SQL
        description: ""
        percent: 40
        icon: circle-stack
  - name: Hobbies
    color: "#eeac02"
    color_border: "#f0bf23"
    items:
      - name: Go
        description: ""
        percent: 60
        icon: person-simple-walk
      - name: Board Game
        description: ""
        percent: 100
        icon: cat
      - name: Photography
        description: ""
        percent: 80
        icon: camera

languages:
  - name: English
    percent: 100
  - name: Chinese
    percent: 75
  - name: Portuguese
    percent: 25

# Awards.
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.
awards:
  - title: 1st place ACM-ICPC Southern California USA Regional
    url: https://icpc.global/
    date: "2021-02-02"
    awarder: ICPC
    # icon: datacamp
    summary: |
      The ACM-ICPC Southern California USA Regional is a competitive programming contest where teams of university students solve complex algorithmic problems within a set time. It's a qualifying event for the ICPC World Finals, testing participants' coding and problem-solving skills under pressure.

  - title: Gold Medalist in North America West Division Championship
    url: https://icpc.global/
    awarder: ICPC
    summary: |
      The North America West Division Championship is a competitive programming contest that gathers top university teams from the western region of North America. Participants solve challenging algorithmic problems within a limited time, aiming to qualify for higher-level competitions like the ICPC World Finals. This championship is a key event for showcasing and testing the coding and problem-solving abilities of the best student programmers in the region.

  # - title: Blockchain Fundamentals
  #   url: https://www.edx.org/professional-certificate/uc-berkeleyx-blockchain-fundamentals
  #   date: "2023-07-01"
  #   awarder: edX
  #   icon: edx
  #   summary: |
  #     Learned:
  #     - Synthesize your own blockchain solutions
  #     - Gain an in-depth understanding of the specific mechanics of Bitcoin
  #     - Understand Bitcoin’s real-life applications and learn how to attack and destroy Bitcoin, Ethereum, smart contracts and Dapps, and alternatives to Bitcoin’s Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm
  # - title: "Object-Oriented Programming in R"
  #   url: https://www.datacamp.com/courses/object-oriented-programming-with-s3-and-r6-in-r
  #   certificate_url: https://www.datacamp.com
  #   date: "2023-01-21"
  #   awarder: datacamp
  #   icon: datacamp
  #   summary: |
  #     Object-oriented programming (OOP) lets you specify relationships between functions and the objects that they can act on, helping you manage complexity in your code. This is an intermediate level course, providing an introduction to OOP, using the S3 and R6 systems. S3 is a great day-to-day R programming tool that simplifies some of the functions that you write. R6 is especially useful for industry-specific analyses, working with web APIs, and building GUIs.
---

## About Me

Haihao Sun.

Commit message:

add a post and change background svg

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Haihao Sun

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation: Haihao Sun

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Haihao
last_name: Sun

# Status emoji
status:
  icon:

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Software Engineer

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: Google
    url: https://source.android.com/docs/automotive/start/releases/r_release#computer-vision-and-machine-learning-cv-and-ml

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: "mailto:haihaosun15@gmail.com"
    label: E-mail Me
  # - icon: brands/x
  #   url: https://twitter.com/GetResearchDev
  # - icon: brands/instagram
  #   url: https://www.instagram.com/
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/h3sun
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/haihao-sun/
  # - icon: academicons/google-scholar
  #   url: https://scholar.google.com/
  # - icon: academicons/orcid
  #   url: https://orcid.org/

interests:
  - Artificial Intelligence
  - Algorithm

education:
  - area: Master of Computer Science
    institution: Yale University
    date_start: 2022-05-31
    date_end: 2021-09-01
    # summary: |

    button:
      text: "Read Thesis"
      url: "https://example.com"
  - area: Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering
    institution: UC San Diego
    date_start: 2021-06-15
    date_end: 2018-09-18
    # summary: |

work:
  - position: Software Engineer
    company_name: Google
    company_url: ""
    company_logo: "google"
    date_start:
    date_end: 2022-07-18
    summary: |2-
      Responsibilities include:
      - Surround View
      - Scene API
  # - position: Backend Software Engineer
  #   company_name: X
  #   company_url: ""
  #   company_logo: ""
  #   date_start: 2016-01-01
  #   date_end: 2020-12-31
  #   summary: |
  #     Responsibilities include:
  #     - Migrated infrastructure to a new data center
  #     - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
  #     - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit

# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`
skills:
  - name: Technical Skills
    items:
      - name: Python
        description: ""
        percent: 80
        icon: code-bracket
      - name: Algorithm
        description: ""
        percent: 100
        icon: chart-bar
      - name: SQL
        description: ""
        percent: 40
        icon: circle-stack
  - name: Hobbies
    color: "#eeac02"
    color_border: "#f0bf23"
    items:
      - name: Go
        description: ""
        percent: 60
        icon: person-simple-walk
      - name: Board Game
        description: ""
        percent: 100
        icon: cat
      - name: Photography
        description: ""
        percent: 80
        icon: camera

languages:
  - name: English
    percent: 90
  - name: Chinese
    percent: 100

# Awards.
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.
awards:
  - title: 1st place ACM-ICPC Southern California USA Regional
    url: https://icpc.global/
    date: "2021-02-02"
    awarder: ICPC
    # icon: datacamp
    summary: |
      The ACM-ICPC Southern California USA Regional is a competitive programming contest where teams of university students solve complex algorithmic problems within a set time. It's a qualifying event for the ICPC World Finals, testing participants' coding and problem-solving skills under pressure.

  - title: Gold Medalist in North America West Division Championship
    url: https://icpc.global/
    awarder: ICPC
    summary: |
      The North America West Division Championship is a competitive programming contest that gathers top university teams from the western region of North America. Participants solve challenging algorithmic problems within a limited time, aiming to qualify for higher-level competitions like the ICPC World Finals. This championship is a key event for showcasing and testing the coding and problem-solving abilities of the best student programmers in the region.

  # - title: Blockchain Fundamentals
  #   url: https://www.edx.org/professional-certificate/uc-berkeleyx-blockchain-fundamentals
  #   date: "2023-07-01"
  #   awarder: edX
  #   icon: edx
  #   summary: |
  #     Learned:
  #     - Synthesize your own blockchain solutions
  #     - Gain an in-depth understanding of the specific mechanics of Bitcoin
  #     - Understand Bitcoin’s real-life applications and learn how to attack and destroy Bitcoin, Ethereum, smart contracts and Dapps, and alternatives to Bitcoin’s Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm
  # - title: "Object-Oriented Programming in R"
  #   url: https://www.datacamp.com/courses/object-oriented-programming-with-s3-and-r6-in-r
  #   certificate_url: https://www.datacamp.com
  #   date: "2023-01-21"
  #   awarder: datacamp
  #   icon: datacamp
  #   summary: |
  #     Object-oriented programming (OOP) lets you specify relationships between functions and the objects that they can act on, helping you manage complexity in your code. This is an intermediate level course, providing an introduction to OOP, using the S3 and R6 systems. S3 is a great day-to-day R programming tool that simplifies some of the functions that you write. R6 is especially useful for industry-specific analyses, working with web APIs, and building GUIs.
---

## About Me

Hi there! My name is Haihao, and here is an introduction about myself!

I was born in Nanjing, China. I went to San Diego, California, to complete my undergraduate degree in computer science and engineering at 18. Afterwards, I relocated to New Haven to pursue a master's degree in computer science at 21.

Computer Science gave me a solid foundation in both software and machine learning. Beyond my academic pursuits, I am passionate about and interested in various other fields that I hope to explore and delve deeper into, such as:

- Machine Learning/Deep Learning
- Quantitative Analysis

In my spare time, I enjoy participating in programming competitions. This allows me to write some code and express my ideas through coding. I am proud of being the first engineer in my family.

My non-technical hobbies tend to change over time. Currently, I enjoy playing the board game Dominion and go. In the past, I've enjoyed games like Splendor, Wingspan, and Fortnite!
